Update tip about modifying maps (#4153)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/script.md

When adding two maps, the first map is copied and then appended with the keys from the second map. Any conflicting keys are overwritten by the second map.

:::{tip}

> Copying a map with the `+` operator is a safer way to modify maps in Nextflow, specifically when passing maps through channels. This way, any references to the original map elsewhere in the pipeline won't be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copying a map with the `+` operator is a safer way to modify maps in Nextflow, specifically when passing maps through channels. This way, a new instance of the map object will be created and therefore any references to the original map elsewhere in the pipeline won't be affected.
```
